Update legacy-self-hosted-changelog.md (#5866)
mattermost/docs: source/install/legacy-self-hosted-changelog.md

## Release v5.37 - [Extended Support Release](https://docs.mattermost.com/administration/extended-support-release.html)

- **5.37.10, released 2022-08-31**

>   - Improved groups query performance by not counting deleted members and prevented the request for counting channel members in a group when the feature is disabled to prevent performance problems at scale.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Improved groups query performance by not counting deleted members and preventing the request for counting channel members in a group when the feature is disabled to mitigate performance problems at scale.
```

>   - Improved groups query performance by not counting deleted members and prevented the request for counting channel members in a group when the feature is disabled to prevent performance problems at scale.

Reviewer: The original sentence was a bit hard to parse.
